README.md, before:

# fimfic2epub-cover-patch

A simple and messy CLI to handle an error with canvas in [fimfic2epub] while using its CLI to download a [Fimfiction] story that doesn't have a cover.

Requires [fimfic2epub] to be installed, obiously.

Mainly made for personal use, but if someone else finds themselves needing it here it is.

## Acknowledgments

- [fimfic2epub]: Chrome/Firefox extension & npm package for improved EPUB export on fimfiction.net

    For allowing to have good epub formatted Fimfiction stories! Specially for offline reading.

To these projects, that made this script less painful to make! ~~I don't know how to make requests with urllib, help~~

- **[Requests]**: A simple, yet elegant HTTP library.
- **[Pillow]**: The Python Imaging Library adds image processing capabilities to your Python interpreter.

## License

This simple repository is made public under the Unlicense License. So do whateverer you want with it.

[fimfic2epub]: https://github.com/daniel-j/fimfic2epub
[Fimfiction]: https://www.fimfiction.net/
[Requests]: https://github.com/psf/requests
[Pillow]: https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

Commit message:

Rename to f2e-alt-cover
Not a patch anymore. After an update canvas doesn't error, so I just use
this script for the alternative cover.

README.md, after:

# f2e-alt-cover

A messy wrapper script that replaces the default cover for [fimfic2epub] with one that has a black background and white text.

Requires [fimfic2epub] to be installed, obiously.

Mainly made for personal use, but if someone else finds themselves needing it here it is.

## Acknowledgments

- [fimfic2epub]: Chrome/Firefox extension & npm package for improved EPUB export on fimfiction.net

    For allowing to have good epub formatted Fimfiction stories! Specially for offline reading.

To these projects, that made this script less painful to make! ~~I don't know how to make requests with urllib, help~~

- **[Requests]**: A simple, yet elegant HTTP library.
- **[Pillow]**: The Python Imaging Library adds image processing capabilities to your Python interpreter.

## License

This simple repository is made public under the Unlicense License. So do whateverer you want with it.

[fimfic2epub]: https://github.com/daniel-j/fimfic2epub
[Fimfiction]: https://www.fimfiction.net/
[Requests]: https://github.com/psf/requests
[Pillow]: https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
